ID Triplet Feature (#146)
CDCgov/RecordLinker: docs/site/reference.md

:   The patient's email address.

> `DRIVERS_LICENSE`

Reviewer: MRN and SSN on lines 18 and 22 need to be removed as well

> :   The patient's identifier. This is a catch-all for all identifiers for the patient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   An identifier for the patient.  Matching on this will check if any identifier type/authority/value combination matches.
```

`IDENTIFIER:<type>`

> :   The patient's specific identifier type. For example, `IDENTIFIER:MRN` would be the patient's medical record number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   The patient's specific identifier type. For example, `IDENTIFIER:MR` would be the patient's medical record number.  Unlike `IDENTIFIER`, this will ONLY compare values of a specific type.  Valid type codes can be found here http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v2/0203/index.html.
```
